+ cd /code_execution
+ echo 'List installed packages'
List installed packages
+ echo '######################################'
######################################
+ conda list -n condaenv
# packages in environment at /srv/conda/envs/condaenv:
#
# Name                    Version                   Build  Channel
_libgcc_mutex             0.1                 conda_forge    conda-forge
_openmp_mutex             4.5                  2_kmp_llvm    conda-forge
abseil-cpp                20211102.0           h93e1e8c_3    conda-forge
absl-py                   1.2.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
aiohttp                   3.8.3            py39hb9d737c_0    conda-forge
aiosignal                 1.2.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
alsa-lib                  1.2.7.2              h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
antlr-python-runtime      4.9.3              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
aom                       3.4.0                h27087fc_1    conda-forge
astunparse                1.6.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
async-timeout             4.0.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
attr                      2.5.1                h166bdaf_1    conda-forge
attrs                     22.1.0             pyh71513ae_1    conda-forge
augly                     1.0.0                    pypi_0    pypi
blinker                   1.5                pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
blosc                     1.21.1               h83bc5f7_3    conda-forge
brotli                    1.0.9                h166bdaf_7    conda-forge
brotli-bin                1.0.9                h166bdaf_7    conda-forge
brotlipy                  0.7.0           py39hb9d737c_1004    conda-forge
brunsli                   0.1                  h9c3ff4c_0    conda-forge
bzip2                     1.0.8                h7f98852_4    conda-forge
c-ares                    1.18.1               h7f98852_0    conda-forge
c-blosc2                  2.4.2                h7a311fb_0    conda-forge
ca-certificates           2022.9.24            ha878542_0    conda-forge
cached-property           1.5.2                hd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
cached_property           1.5.2              pyha770c72_1    conda-forge
cachetools                5.2.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
cairo                     1.16.0            ha61ee94_1014    conda-forge
catalogue                 2.0.8            py39hf3d152e_0    conda-forge
certifi                   2022.9.24          pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
cffi                      1.15.1           py39he91dace_0    conda-forge
cfitsio                   4.1.0                hd9d235c_0    conda-forge
charls                    2.3.4                h9c3ff4c_0    conda-forge
charset-normalizer        2.1.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
click                     8.1.3            py39hf3d152e_0    conda-forge
cloudpickle               2.2.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
colorama                  0.4.5              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
confection                0.0.3            py39h051121d_0    conda-forge
contourpy                 1.0.5            py39hf939315_0    conda-forge
cpuonly                   2.0                           0    pytorch
cryptography              38.0.1           py39hd97740a_0    conda-forge
cycler                    0.11.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
cymem                     2.0.6            py39h5a03fae_3    conda-forge
cython-blis               0.7.8            py39hd257fcd_0    conda-forge
cytoolz                   0.12.0           py39hb9d737c_0    conda-forge
dask-core                 2022.9.2           pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
dataclasses               0.8                pyhc8e2a94_3    conda-forge
dav1d                     1.0.0                h166bdaf_1    conda-forge
dbus                      1.13.6               h5008d03_3    conda-forge
einops                    0.4.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
expat                     2.4.9                h27087fc_0    conda-forge
faiss                     1.7.2           py39h1ec3746_1_cpu    conda-forge
faiss-cpu                 1.7.2                h718b53a_1    conda-forge
fastai                    2.7.9                      py_0    fastai
fastcore                  1.5.26             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
fastdownload              0.0.7                      py_0    fastai
fastprogress              1.0.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
ffmpeg                    4.4.2           gpl_hfe78399_107    conda-forge
ffmpeg-python             0.2.0                      py_0    conda-forge
fftw                      3.3.10          nompi_hf0379b8_105    conda-forge
font-ttf-dejavu-sans-mono 2.37                 hab24e00_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-inconsolata      3.000                h77eed37_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-source-code-pro  2.038                h77eed37_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-ubuntu           0.83                 hab24e00_0    conda-forge
fontconfig                2.14.0               hc2a2eb6_1    conda-forge
fonts-conda-ecosystem     1                             0    conda-forge
fonts-conda-forge         1                             0    conda-forge
fonttools                 4.37.4           py39hb9d737c_0    conda-forge
freeglut                  3.2.2                h9c3ff4c_1    conda-forge
freetype                  2.12.1               hca18f0e_0    conda-forge
frozenlist                1.3.1            py39hb9d737c_0    conda-forge
fsspec                    2022.8.2           pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
future                    0.18.2           py39hf3d152e_5    conda-forge
gast                      0.4.0              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
gettext                   0.19.8.1          h27087fc_1009    conda-forge
giflib                    5.2.1                h36c2ea0_2    conda-forge
glib                      2.74.0               h6239696_0    conda-forge
glib-tools                2.74.0               h6239696_0    conda-forge
gmp                       6.2.1                h58526e2_0    conda-forge
gnutls                    3.7.8                hf3e180e_0    conda-forge
google-auth               2.12.0             pyh1a96a4e_0    conda-forge
google-auth-oauthlib      0.4.6              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
google-pasta              0.2.0              pyh8c360ce_0    conda-forge
graphite2                 1.3.13            h58526e2_1001    conda-forge
grpc-cpp                  1.46.4               h6fc47f4_3    conda-forge
grpcio                    1.46.4           py39h4587e31_3    conda-forge
gst-plugins-base          1.20.3               h57caac4_2    conda-forge
gstreamer                 1.20.3               hd4edc92_2    conda-forge
h5py                      3.7.0           nompi_py39hd51670d_101    conda-forge
harfbuzz                  5.3.0                h418a68e_0    conda-forge
hdf5                      1.12.2          nompi_h2386368_100    conda-forge
hydra-core                1.2.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
icu                       70.1                 h27087fc_0    conda-forge
idna                      3.4                pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
imagecodecs               2022.9.26        py39hf586f7a_0    conda-forge
imageio                   2.22.0             pyhfa7a67d_0    conda-forge
importlib-metadata        4.11.4           py39hf3d152e_0    conda-forge
importlib_resources       5.10.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
iniconfig                 1.1.1              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
iopath                    0.1.10                   pypi_0    pypi
jack                      1.9.18            h8c3723f_1003    conda-forge
jasper                    2.0.33               ha77e612_0    conda-forge
jinja2                    3.1.2              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
joblib                    1.2.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jpeg                      9e                   h166bdaf_2    conda-forge
jsonargparse              4.7.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jxrlib                    1.1                  h7f98852_2    conda-forge
keras                     2.9.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
keras-preprocessing       1.1.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
keyutils                  1.6.1                h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
kiwisolver                1.4.4            py39hf939315_0    conda-forge
krb5                      1.19.3               h3790be6_0    conda-forge
lame                      3.100             h166bdaf_1003    conda-forge
langcodes                 3.3.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
lcms2                     2.12                 hddcbb42_0    conda-forge
ld_impl_linux-64          2.36.1               hea4e1c9_2    conda-forge
lerc                      4.0.0                h27087fc_0    conda-forge
libabseil                 20211102.0      cxx17_h48a1fff_3    conda-forge
libaec                    1.0.6                h9c3ff4c_0    conda-forge
libavif                   0.10.1               h166bdaf_1    conda-forge
libblas                   3.9.0           16_linux64_openblas    conda-forge
libbrotlicommon           1.0.9                h166bdaf_7    conda-forge
libbrotlidec              1.0.9                h166bdaf_7    conda-forge
libbrotlienc              1.0.9                h166bdaf_7    conda-forge
libcap                    2.65                 ha37c62d_0    conda-forge
libcblas                  3.9.0           16_linux64_openblas    conda-forge
libclang                  14.0.6          default_h2e3cab8_0    conda-forge
libclang13                14.0.6          default_h3a83d3e_0    conda-forge
libcups                   2.3.3                h3e49a29_2    conda-forge
libcurl                   7.85.0               h7bff187_0    conda-forge
libdb                     6.2.32               h9c3ff4c_0    conda-forge
libdeflate                1.14                 h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
libdrm                    2.4.113              h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
libedit                   3.1.20191231         he28a2e2_2    conda-forge
libev                     4.33                 h516909a_1    conda-forge
libevent                  2.1.10               h9b69904_4    conda-forge
libfaiss                  1.7.2            hde9c08d_1_cpu    conda-forge
libfaiss-avx2             1.7.2            h1234567_1_cpu    conda-forge
libffi                    3.4.2                h7f98852_5    conda-forge
libflac                   1.3.4                h27087fc_0    conda-forge
libgcc-ng                 12.1.0              h8d9b700_16    conda-forge
libgfortran-ng            12.1.0              h69a702a_16    conda-forge
libgfortran5              12.1.0              hdcd56e2_16    conda-forge
libglib                   2.74.0               h7a41b64_0    conda-forge
libglu                    9.0.0             he1b5a44_1001    conda-forge
libiconv                  1.17                 h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
libidn2                   2.3.3                h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
liblapack                 3.9.0           16_linux64_openblas    conda-forge
liblapacke                3.9.0           16_linux64_openblas    conda-forge
libllvm11                 11.1.0               he0ac6c6_4    conda-forge
libllvm14                 14.0.6               he0ac6c6_0    conda-forge
libmagic                  5.39                 h753d276_1    conda-forge
libnghttp2                1.47.0               hdcd2b5c_1    conda-forge
libnsl                    2.0.0                h7f98852_0    conda-forge
libogg                    1.3.4                h7f98852_1    conda-forge
libopenblas               0.3.21          pthreads_h78a6416_3    conda-forge
libopencv                 4.6.0            py39h5ca1638_3    conda-forge
libopus                   1.3.1                h7f98852_1    conda-forge
libpciaccess              0.16                 h516909a_0    conda-forge
libpng                    1.6.38               h753d276_0    conda-forge
libpq                     14.5                 hd77ab85_0    conda-forge
libprotobuf               3.20.1               h6239696_4    conda-forge
libsndfile                1.0.31               h9c3ff4c_1    conda-forge
libsqlite                 3.39.4               h753d276_0    conda-forge
libssh2                   1.10.0               haa6b8db_3    conda-forge
libstdcxx-ng              12.1.0              ha89aaad_16    conda-forge
libtasn1                  4.19.0               h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
libtiff                   4.4.0                h55922b4_4    conda-forge
libtool                   2.4.6             h9c3ff4c_1008    conda-forge
libudev1                  249                  h166bdaf_4    conda-forge
libunistring              0.9.10               h7f98852_0    conda-forge
libuuid                   2.32.1            h7f98852_1000    conda-forge
libva                     2.16.0               h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
libvorbis                 1.3.7                h9c3ff4c_0    conda-forge
libvpx                    1.11.0               h9c3ff4c_3    conda-forge
libwebp-base              1.2.4                h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
libxcb                    1.13              h7f98852_1004    conda-forge
libxkbcommon              1.0.3                he3ba5ed_0    conda-forge
libxml2                   2.10.2               h7463322_2    conda-forge
libzlib                   1.2.12               h166bdaf_4    conda-forge
libzopfli                 1.0.3                h9c3ff4c_0    conda-forge
lightning-flash           0.7.5              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
llvm-openmp               14.0.4               he0ac6c6_0    conda-forge
llvmlite                  0.39.1           py39h7d9a04d_0    conda-forge
locket                    1.0.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
loguru                    0.6.0            py39hf3d152e_1    conda-forge
lz4-c                     1.9.3                h9c3ff4c_1    conda-forge
markdown                  3.4.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
markupsafe                2.1.1            py39hb9d737c_1    conda-forge
matplotlib                3.6.1            py39hf3d152e_0    conda-forge
matplotlib-base           3.6.1            py39hf9fd14e_0    conda-forge
mkl                       2022.1.0           h84fe81f_915    conda-forge
multidict                 6.0.2            py39hb9d737c_1    conda-forge
munkres                   1.1.4              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
murmurhash                1.0.8            py39h5a03fae_0    conda-forge
mysql-common              8.0.30               haf5c9bc_1    conda-forge
mysql-libs                8.0.30               h28c427c_1    conda-forge
ncurses                   6.3                  h27087fc_1    conda-forge
nettle                    3.8.1                hc379101_1    conda-forge
networkx                  2.8.7              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
ninja                     1.11.0               h924138e_0    conda-forge
nspr                      4.32                 h9c3ff4c_1    conda-forge
nss                       3.78                 h2350873_0    conda-forge
numba                     0.56.2           py39h61ddf18_1    conda-forge
numpy                     1.23.3           py39hba7629e_0    conda-forge
oauthlib                  3.2.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
omegaconf                 2.2.3            py39hf3d152e_0    conda-forge
opencv                    4.6.0            py39hf3d152e_3    conda-forge
openh264                  2.3.0                h27087fc_0    conda-forge
openjpeg                  2.5.0                h7d73246_1    conda-forge
openssl                   1.1.1q               h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
opt_einsum                3.3.0              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
p11-kit                   0.24.1               hc5aa10d_0    conda-forge
packaging                 21.3               pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pandas                    1.5.0            py39h4661b88_0    conda-forge
partd                     1.3.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pathy                     0.6.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pcre2                     10.37                hc3806b6_1    conda-forge
pillow                    9.2.0            py39hd5dbb17_2    conda-forge
pip                       22.2.2             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pixman                    0.40.0               h36c2ea0_0    conda-forge
pluggy                    1.0.0            py39hf3d152e_3    conda-forge
ply                       3.11                       py_1    conda-forge
portalocker               2.5.1                    pypi_0    pypi
portaudio                 19.6.0               h8e90077_6    conda-forge
preshed                   3.0.7            py39h5a03fae_0    conda-forge
protobuf                  3.20.1           py39h5a03fae_0    conda-forge
pthread-stubs             0.4               h36c2ea0_1001    conda-forge
pulseaudio                14.0                 h0868958_9    conda-forge
py                        1.11.0             pyh6c4a22f_0    conda-forge
py-opencv                 4.6.0            py39hef51801_3    conda-forge
pyasn1                    0.4.8                      py_0    conda-forge
pyasn1-modules            0.2.7                      py_0    conda-forge
pycparser                 2.21               pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pydantic                  1.9.2            py39hb9d737c_0    conda-forge
pydeprecate               0.3.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyjwt                     2.5.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyopenssl                 22.1.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyparsing                 3.0.9              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyqt                      5.15.7           py39h18e9c17_0    conda-forge
pyqt5-sip                 12.11.0          py39h5a03fae_0    conda-forge
pysocks                   1.7.1              pyha2e5f31_6    conda-forge
pytest                    7.1.3            py39hf3d152e_0    conda-forge
python                    3.9.13          h9a8a25e_0_cpython    conda-forge
python-dateutil           2.8.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python-flatbuffers        1.12               pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
python-magic              0.4.27           py39hf3d152e_2    conda-forge
python_abi                3.9                      2_cp39    conda-forge
pytorch                   1.12.1          cpu_py39h5d22d69_0    conda-forge
pytorch-lightning         1.6.5              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pytorch-metric-learning   1.6.2              pyh39e3cac_0    metric-learning
pytorch-mutex             1.0                         cpu    pytorch
pytz                      2022.4             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyu2f                     0.1.5              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pywavelets                1.3.0            py39hd257fcd_1    conda-forge
pyyaml                    6.0              py39hb9d737c_4    conda-forge
qt-main                   5.15.6               hc525480_0    conda-forge
re2                       2022.06.01           h27087fc_0    conda-forge
readline                  8.1.2                h0f457ee_0    conda-forge
regex                     2022.9.13                pypi_0    pypi
requests                  2.28.1             pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
requests-oauthlib         1.3.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
rsa                       4.9                pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
scikit-image              0.19.3           py39h1832856_1    conda-forge
scikit-learn              1.1.2            py39he5e8d7e_0    conda-forge
scipy                     1.9.1            py39h8ba3f38_0    conda-forge
setuptools                59.5.0           py39hf3d152e_0    conda-forge
shellingham               1.5.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
sip                       6.6.2            py39h5a03fae_0    conda-forge
six                       1.16.0             pyh6c4a22f_0    conda-forge
sleef                     3.5.1                h9b69904_2    conda-forge
smart_open                5.2.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
snappy                    1.1.9                hbd366e4_1    conda-forge
spacy                     3.4.1            py39hac2352c_0    conda-forge
spacy-legacy              3.0.10             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
spacy-loggers             1.0.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
sqlite                    3.39.4               h4ff8645_0    conda-forge
srsly                     2.4.4            py39h5a03fae_0    conda-forge
svt-av1                   1.2.1                h27087fc_0    conda-forge
tbb                       2021.6.0             h924138e_0    conda-forge
tensorboard               2.9.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
tensorboard-data-server   0.6.0            py39hd97740a_2    conda-forge
tensorboard-plugin-wit    1.8.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
tensorflow                2.9.1           cpu_py39h4655687_0    conda-forge
tensorflow-base           2.9.1           cpu_py39hfe2e05e_0    conda-forge
tensorflow-cpu            2.9.1           cpu_py39h718b53a_0    conda-forge
tensorflow-estimator      2.9.1           cpu_py39heaff504_0    conda-forge
tensorflow-hub            0.12.0             pyhca92ed8_0    conda-forge
termcolor                 2.0.1              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
thinc                     8.1.3            py39h7c9e3ff_0    conda-forge
threadpoolctl             3.1.0              pyh8a188c0_0    conda-forge
tifffile                  2022.8.12          pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
timm                      0.4.12             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
tk                        8.6.12               h27826a3_0    conda-forge
toml                      0.10.2             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
tomli                     2.0.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
toolz                     0.12.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
torchaudio                0.12.1                 py39_cpu    pytorch
torchmetrics              0.10.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
torchvision               0.13.0          cpu_py39hedfcc36_0    conda-forge
tornado                   6.2              py39hb9d737c_0    conda-forge
tqdm                      4.64.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
typer                     0.4.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
typing-extensions         4.4.0                hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
typing_extensions         4.4.0              pyha770c72_0    conda-forge
tzdata                    2022d                h191b570_0    conda-forge
unicodedata2              14.0.0           py39hb9d737c_1    conda-forge
urllib3                   1.26.11            pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
wasabi                    0.10.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
werkzeug                  2.2.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
wheel                     0.37.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
wrapt                     1.14.1           py39hb9d737c_0    conda-forge
x264                      1!164.3095           h166bdaf_2    conda-forge
x265                      3.5                  h924138e_3    conda-forge
xcb-util                  0.4.0                h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
xcb-util-image            0.4.0                h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
xcb-util-keysyms          0.4.0                h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
xcb-util-renderutil       0.3.9                h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
xcb-util-wm               0.4.1                h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
xorg-fixesproto           5.0               h7f98852_1002    conda-forge
xorg-inputproto           2.3.2             h7f98852_1002    conda-forge
xorg-kbproto              1.0.7             h7f98852_1002    conda-forge
xorg-libice               1.0.10               h7f98852_0    conda-forge
xorg-libsm                1.2.3             hd9c2040_1000    conda-forge
xorg-libx11               1.7.2                h7f98852_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxau               1.0.9                h7f98852_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxdmcp             1.1.3                h7f98852_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxext              1.3.4                h7f98852_1    conda-forge
xorg-libxfixes            5.0.3             h7f98852_1004    conda-forge
xorg-libxi                1.7.10               h7f98852_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxrender           0.9.10            h7f98852_1003    conda-forge
xorg-renderproto          0.11.1            h7f98852_1002    conda-forge
xorg-xextproto            7.3.0             h7f98852_1002    conda-forge
xorg-xproto               7.0.31            h7f98852_1007    conda-forge
xz                        5.2.6                h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
yaml                      0.2.5                h7f98852_2    conda-forge
yarl                      1.7.2            py39hb9d737c_2    conda-forge
zfp                       1.0.0                h27087fc_1    conda-forge
zipp                      3.9.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
zlib                      1.2.12               h166bdaf_4    conda-forge
zlib-ng                   2.0.6                h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
zstd                      1.5.2                h6239696_4    conda-forge
+ echo '######################################'
######################################
+ echo 'Unpacking submission...'
Unpacking submission...
+ unzip ./submission/submission.zip -d ./
Archive:  ./submission/submission.zip
  inflating: ./main.py               
  inflating: ./matches.csv           
+ ls -alh
total 28K
drwxr-xr-x 1 appuser appuser 4.0K Oct 19 19:32 .
drwxr-xr-x 1 root    root    4.0K Oct 19 19:32 ..
-rw-r--r-- 1 appuser appuser 1.1K Oct 19 19:10 entrypoint.sh
-rw-r--r-- 1 root    root    1.7K Oct 19 19:09 main.py
-rwxr-xr-x 1 root    root     164 Oct 19 18:53 matches.csv
drwxr-xr-x 2 root    root    4.0K Oct 19 19:32 predictions
drwxrwxrwx 4 root    root     128 Oct 19 19:32 submission
drwxr-xr-x 2 appuser appuser 4.0K Oct 19 19:32 tests
+ '[' -f main.py ']'
+ echo 'Generating matches on a subset of query videos...'
Generating matches on a subset of query videos...
+ conda run --no-capture-output -n condaenv python main.py
+ echo '... finished'
... finished
+ less subset_matches.csv
query_id,reference_id,query_start,query_end,reference_start,reference_end,score
Q200000,R209536,1,2,3,4,0.5
Q200001,R209536,1,2,3,4,0.5
Q200003,R209536,1,2,3,4,0.5
+ less matches.csv
query_id,reference_id,query_start,query_end,reference_start,reference_end,score
Q200000,R209536,1,1,1,1,1.0
Q200001,R209536,1,1,1,1,1.0
Q200003,R209536,1,1,1,1,1.0
+ tar -czvf /code_execution/submission/submission.tar.gz subset_matches.csv matches.csv
subset_matches.csv
matches.csv
+ echo '================ END ================'
================ END ================
